# Ryan's ReadMe Generator  

## Table of Contents  

[Description](#Description)  
[Installation](#Installation)  
[Usage](#Usage)  
[License](#License)  
[Contributing](#Contributing)  
[Questions](#Questions)  


---
<a name="Description"></a>
### Description

This is the ReadMe generator homework assignment for UNH coding bootcamp. This is not the ReadMe that was generated by the ReadMe generator. That file can be found in the Generated ReadMe folder in the repository.

---
<a name="Installation"></a>
### Installation

This program can be run through the Terminal using Node.js and Inquirer.  

>npm init  
>npm install inquirer  

---
<a name="Usage"></a>
### Usage

Use to generate quality readmes for your repositories!  
Navigate to 

---
<a name="License"></a>
### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [year] [fullname]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.  

---
<a name="Contributing"></a>
### Contributing

[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
[Inquirer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)

---
<a name="Questions"></a>
### Questions

If you have any questions you can find my GitHub profile and E-Mail address below:  

[GitHub](https://github.com/rroyalty/)  
[E-Mail](rroyalty@gmail.com)